I once saw an interview with an
african-american male who joined a biker
gang and when he was asked how did you
get this idea and you read in the first
place what made you decide that you
wanted to be a member of a biker gang he
said you know when he was a kid when he
was a small child he saw a member of
this gang leaning on his motorbike on
the block and this guy apparently had
the affections of beautiful women and
just looked so cool and looked confident
looked dangerous and he thought that's
what I want to be that cross this isn't
just something that happened once
apparently in his neighborhood members
of the same gang were around every so
often and on some level it was just
aesthetic it was just something he
idealized the surprising thing is not
that he was an african-american male but
that this particular biker gang had as
its main symbol the Nazi swastika
unusual combination of things and I
think very few members of that biker
gang were more black or were
african-american although they
disclaimed and I believe them they were
not they were not white supremacists or
maybe not anymore I don't know it's hey
um the role of fantasy in the life of
the adult mind is something I'm really
skeptical about you know we encourage
children to live rich vivid lives of
fantasy at our peril we think it's
harmless or even virtuous to encourage
children to imagine all the things they
can become and you don't really stop to
consider what if a child becomes
powerfully attached to the fantasy that
they can become a member of a biker gang
because they can that fantasy is quite
attainable
whereas becoming an astronaut much less
common than one in a million
biker gangs on your corner sign up now I
wonder which group has a better sex life
to be quite honest with you um there
were a lot of ways in which joining a
biker gang might be more rewarding at
least in the short term for young people
the role of fantasy you know as a child
I even found this troubling in the
context of Sesame Street in the context
of Disney World in the context of
different rides and attractions and TV
shows that told me to close my eyes and
imagine something and wish for something
and it seemed to me like this was the
culture of Christian prayer that had
somehow escaped from the church basement
still with a chain attached to one ankle
rattling behind it as it ran went
straight down the block into the modern
American shopping mall to start turning
a profit
somehow fantasy and marketing fantasy to
children and become the fulcrum of the
American economy I was growing up
surrounded by this and I really felt a
strange sort of suspicion I wasn't I
wasn't entirely clear on what these
people were selling me but the idea that
you know childhood is a process of
preparing yourself to act out certain
fantasies of who you want to be as an
adult compares very strangely
the idea of a life built on duty honor
and station and trust me I know the old
ways in Europe had their disadvantages
like men fighting each other to the
death and duels over incredibly trivial
points of Honor um in many ways what we
think of as a man of honor from the
Renaissance is much closer to the modern
member of a biker gang
violent brutal ideology of what it meant
to lead a meaningful life even for
intellectuals just just a few centuries
ago but there's a further complexity
here in that the idea of pursuing your
own fantasy of who it is you want to be
necessarily and inexorably excludes
other people's fantasy of who you might
be who you ought to be the young man who
joined the biker gang probably not his
parents fantasy of who has to be
probably not his first girlfriend's
fantasy of who he might be over we ought
to be and we're going through a period
of time now where the triumph of the gay
rights movement which I celebrate 100%
the triumph of gay rights in a country
like Canada or the United States has led
to a period of adulation for people not
being themselves which would be good but
instead people living and acting out
fantasies as adults that they may have
adopted in childhood in adolescence as
teenagers and they may not have really
reflected on what kind of a life this is
leading them into and in what ways
that's going to exclude others that's
going to impose on others okay head of
view or the channel right in explaining
and this isn't the first time we've
talked he and I have talked many times
now but he could say he was reminding me
that he is basically in his own eyes he
considers himself a heterosexual
transsexual person and when I say this
terminology is quite confusing there
were four different combinations of
genders that might conjure up in your
mind's eye so he's someone who was born
biological male he currently dresses and
presents himself in public as male but
he feels in his heart of hearts that
would he'd like to do is dress and
present himself as female while at the
same time he wants to be in heterosexual
relationships in this context meaning he
would play the male role
and would date women who were
conventionally attractive women who
dressed as women and presented
themselves as women he would continue
having a sex life okay
um it is quite possible in the next 10
years we will see the single category
transgender break down into four eight
different categories so that we don't
have to have this kind of clarification
of terms like even when people say look
if you say he's a heterosexual male
transgender wait do you mean male to
female do you mean do you mean that
someone living dressed as a woman who
wants to be heterosexual in the sense of
being with a man mmm so there's some
disambiguation to come I think for that
movement in that community even if it's
just - in economies onwards and avoid
confusion these discussions and you know
the first and most significant thing is
that this guy was writing to me asking
for advice about what he should do next
rather than the myriad personalities you
could write to here on YouTube who would
be eager to tell him that the most
important thing in life you still live
out your dream is to act out those
fantasies that if this is a fantasy you
have you've got to live it out you know
if this is what you want to be if this
is what you think will make you happy
then pursue your dream act out that
fantasy don't think about anything else
let the fantasy become your identity
there are many many people of many
different sexual persuasions and
ideological persuasions again even just
within YouTube and across the internet
he could have asked for advice and who
would have just given him positive
encouragement to go ahead and start
living dressed as the other gender and
he wrote to me and I pointed out him
look you wrote to me you chose to write
to me asking for the device because you
already know what I'm gonna tell you and
what I'm gonna tell you is there were a
lot of things in life that are more
important than acting at your fantasies
there were a lot of things in life more
important than indulging your own
desires including if you don't want to
be alone other people's fantasies and
other people's desires
so if what you want is to live as a
heterosexual man with a heterosexual
woman in your life
right whoever that woman is currently
unknown a hypothetical person you're
gonna be in the future that means that
you're committing to be willing to cater
to her desires to cater to her fantasies
to cater to her expectations when I was
living in places like Cambodia Thailand
and Laos I met a lot of adult white
Western men who were still trapped in
living out a fantasy of who they ought
to be that they formed as a child
there's one guy who was a successful
author I could tell the whole story
we're not going to he was a white
Western man then more like 50 years old
and you know probably when he was about
10 years old the Rolling Stones were at
their peak you know medium stretching
the decades here a bit um but he
obviously at a very young age decided
that he wanted to look just like Mick
Jagger the lead singer throwing stones
and he really did it I've got to he
nailed that look he was a white man in
Southeast Asia he had long hair just
every element of his style of dress was
this eclectic assemblage of late 1960s
and early 1970s time and sky walks into
a room and everyone I mean he stand he
would stand out even in California right
and you know people in Thailand Laos and
Cambodia would treat him like crap he
lit quite an eventful sex life also and
he wasn't the only white man who
complained was me but he had a peculiar
problem whenever he would start
approaching a woman or sometimes in
other social situations with men there
would often be this initial confusion
because people would think he was
transgender
people would think he was a man trying
to present himself as a woman and just
doing a really bad job at it and it
wasn't just the long hair by the way
it's true always with Mick Jagger there
were certain kind of feminine elements
in those disguise I could see why like
from their cultural perspective and let
me just say this Thailand is the most
accepting country for transgender people
okay Thailand and Laos together are tied
they were incredibly accepting they're
incredibly positive but like when you be
talking women are sometimes men becoming
overturn him the assumption would just
be like oh okay so you're you know
you're a transgender person you know
kind of and from his perspective he's
still acting out a child advantage this
is something macho and strong and butch
and you know that's that's not what it
means there any you know he complained
to me about the different different kind
of harassment yeah look so I'm not
saying your fantasy means nothing I'm
saying it means something to you and if
your highest priority is living out your
fantasy and gratifying your desires then
you're gonna live alone
and that's okay only in as much as you
continue to live a totally self-centered
isolated self-indulgent life alone right
if you want to be a man who has a woman
come into your life and you want to get
to know her parents and have kids with
her let's just say go the whole way with
a white picket fence conventional family
there are so many compromises you're
gonna have to make Lin let's just stick
with the same guy who kind of looks like
Mick Jagger what if he gets a Cambodian
girlfriend and the first thing her
parents say is he's got to cut his hair
there's no way I'm gonna let a guy like
that have wedding photos with my zit no
for him it's not even a gender identity
but it is an identity and I think it's
an identity in that guy's case he got
hung up on you know as a child he got
committed to in a lot of the same way is
that guy joining a
biker gangs just an idea of strength and
the role there's there's a fantasy of
what kind of adult he he wanted to be
built in there and for some kids that's
wearing a long leather trench coat
dressing like neo from the matrix
they're a child they watch that movie
The Matrix and they think that's what it
means that's the kind of adult I want to
be I want to have sunglasses in a suit
and I want people to respect me and I
want people to target me a certain way
there are all these different roles that
people get out of get it of movies and
although most of these identities are
not quite as politicized as the concept
of being transgender right it's true
there's a lower level of intensity I
have known white people who were
incredibly devoted to the image of
themselves as a white person with
dreadlocks were wearing their hair in
dreadlocks and whatever strange
spiritual political commitment they had
smoking marijuana and wearing dreadlocks
and that they're the kind of person who
listens to music from Jamaica like this
is this is a political identity to them
this is this may be started as a
childhood fantasy and it very often also
is a kind of sexual identity it matters
to them that when they present
themselves to the opposite sex they
don't right away they're part of the
drug culture they're part of this
Rastafarians subculture they're they're
a white guy with dreadlocks and that
managed them so much and say okay and
here are all the other people you're
excluding from your life and here are
they're all the roles you can't play in
your life because this is the childhood
fantasy you're committed to acting out
twenty-four hours a day seven days a
week and if that's the decision you want
to make and your only priority is your
own happiness you can act out that
fantasy your whole life alone but just
be aware this is something you are doing
for you it's something in a very simple
sense that's that's selfish
you could ask the guys a member of a
biker gang do you love someone enough to
quit this biker game that particular guy
is wearing a jacket with a swastika on
it every day what if you fall in love
with a you have a Jewish girlfriend
would you stop wearing this jacket for
her or for her parents just to make her
if would you would you do it for that he
said whatever the details are about this
biker take light at you it uncle asked
the guy with dreadlocks do you think you
could ever fall and you think it ever
loves someone enough to shave your head
to stop having dreadlocks to stop
smoking marijuana to stop being involved
with this Rastafarians June or something
and you could ask the guy who dressed up
like you know the lead singer throwing
stones every day you know some kind of
similar question right the problem is
all of us in life have to ask this about
hypothetical people that we're excluding
all the time and hypothetical
opportunities were excluded on Diamond
we don't even know who they are or if we
care about them or if they could ever
care about us all right and this applies
to me also okay I had to make a decision
when I first started even writing on the
Internet
am I gonna alienate others am I going to
be really honest about my opinions and
my positions and my convictions in a way
that that makes enemies that makes
people hate me or you mean like 90% of
youtubers am I going to kind of engage
in virtue signaling or you know follow
the crowd or mask my real opinions and
just be positive encouraging towards
everyone and make make friends and live
a life of half-truths to avoid that and
you know my personal commitment to
keeping me real my personal commitment
to keeping it real means that I'm
alienating others all the time in the
same way that having dreadlocks is gonna
mean it but we're not talking about
alienating the same people right I made
the decision that I'm gonna live my life
in a way
where I'm comfortable with being hated
for who I really am I'm more comfortable
with that than people hating me for who
they assume I am or who they imagine I
am when when they're wrong all right I
don't get to choose whether I'm hated or
loved I get to choose whether I'm known
or unknown I want to play game that way
and as a result I have fewer people in
my life I have fewer friends I have more
enemies I have fewer women who could
potentially or actually love me there
were fewer men who'd want to play a game
of chess with me or you know have a
conversation with me so on and so forth
it's so keeping it real is a lonely road
so my advice to this heterosexual
transgendered man who's considering
living his woman addressing women to
some extent while he still wants to
romance head of sexual women is
precisely this if what you want is only
to be with a heterosexual woman who will
also accept you or also be attracted to
you in your role as a transgender man if
that is very specifically what you want
to the exclusion of all else then you
can make that same commitment I made to
keeping it real you can get on that path
you can walk that lonely road knowing
that that that's that's something like
one in a million
it exists it absolutely exists and right
now you can Google or search around
YouTube and you can find couples like
that where the woman is completely
conventional a heterosexual and the man
is a transgender man so living as a
woman and so on and where they get along
and it works or even maybe turns her on
she's into it okay it may be one in a
million
it's out there I would not even say you
can find it maybe maybe you can find it
and maybe it's a long lonely road and
you're one of the people who never finds
it and that person never finds you all
right but if you want to live a life
where you're really open to meeting and
getting to know people
of the opposite sex of the same sex
where that's not going to be a barrier
where that's not going to a lien in
others with that's not going to preclude
those relationships you know a very
large percentage of heterosexual women
want to be with a man who is masculine
who presents himself as masculine in
every way right in ways both subtle and
obvious and yes there's the potential
after a woman falls in love with you
that she acts it fantasy with you I'm
not saying you have to live a lie in the
bedroom or or what have you you know but
the question really is is that something
that's gonna be a fantasy once in a
while on a weekend that you act out with
the girlfriend or I don't know once a
month or ever it is or is that a fantasy
you're so committed to that you're gonna
act it out 24 hours a day seven days a
week and turn the equation around would
you accept someone else in your life if
that were the price would you be willing
to accept a woman in your life if she
had a diaper fetish where she wanted to
wear a diaper and pretend that she was a
newborn baby because that's what she was
into and she wanted you to act out that
fantasy with her again and again again
choose your own fantasy
choose your own fetish imagine something
that really challenges you imagine
something that turns you off whatever it
is how would you cope with the world or
anyone else around you let alone
everyone else around you were in a
completely self-centered way set on
acting out a fantasy of the pursuit of
their own desires to the exclusion of
all else and where they presume to
impose on you in asking you to play your
part in acting out their fantasy